is it actually possible to reach B2B
buyers with Tick Tock ads this was a
challenge that I personally gave myself
because once I realized that Tick Tock
passed YouTube and average watch time I
knew this was a channel I couldn't
ignore I'm Sylvia Perez and in this
video I'm gonna talk you through an
experiment that I set up disproving
whether or not you could actually reach
B2B buyers on a platform like Tick Tock
with that let's get into the video now
the goal of this experiment was to reach
B2B marketers of a manager plus
seniority I was promoting my newsletter
as an offer and to really make sure that
I was capturing the right folks and I
was actually getting in front of those
B2B marketers I used the lead gen form
and on that Legion Forum I set up two
custom questions the first one is yes or
no are you a B2B marketer and they have
to manually press yes or no the second
one was what is your job title they had
to actually go ahead and type out their
entire job title because information
doesn't get pre-filled on Tick Tock
Legion forms like it does with LinkedIn
ads as an example so awful user
experience kids but I really wanted to
make sure are we actually getting in
front of B2B buyers and in this case
specifically B2B marketers now in terms
of targeting Tick Tock is very similar
to Facebook in terms of the most
relevant channel it's not like LinkedIn
ads at all where you have the ability to
Target based on you know certain job
titles or functions seniorities and so
on and so forth so for the most part
it's pretty loose targeting the most
Precision you can get at least at the
time of this recording is based on
hashtags so what I did was I kept it
really Broad and I kept my targeting
based on interest of marketing and
advertising which you can imagine is a
lot of folks and then taking it a step
further I layered a filter of 25 plus
for age range to make sure that my ad is
getting in front of people that are more
like my demographic with that being said
I know a lot of folks when they think
about Tick Tock they just think about
young kids and their ads getting in
front of kids that are just not
qualified right or they'll never be
qualified anytime soon and you know rest
assured that you can use age range
filters on Tick Tock ads to make sure
that your ad is actually getting in
front of the Right audience and
demographic so with that just to recap I
was promoting my newsletter we were
using a lead gem form with two custom
questions are you a B2B marketer and
what's your job title the interest
targeting was marketing and advertising
and we're targeting folks 25 plus age
range and that's how I set up my
experiment to see if we can actually
reach these individuals now let's go
ahead and talk through the actual
results of when I launched this campaign
now the results that came through were
really surprising I actually have it
here because I don't want to mess up any
of the numbers now of all the form
submissions that came through 87 percent
responded Yes they're a B2B marketer
taking it a step further of the job
titles that came through 21 are what I
would consider perfect job titles such
as VP of marketing CMO which is
extremely surprising reaching these
types of people on Tick Tock also senior
director of demand generation there's an
amazing title so perfect job titles was
about 21 percent and I was being really
strict on what I considered perfect we
also had some other interesting job
titles that came through but they
weren't perfect such as sales director
we had sales exec so that was cool to
see but obviously I was looking for B2B
marketers but that is definitely a B2B
Persona that I could totally see
somebody wanting to get in front of
another B2B organization and then we
also had some really interesting ones
that came through such as like a boss
Queen and Toad Wrangler now I actually
thought Queen like a boss toad Wrangler
that was going to be all of the form
submissions that came through when I
first started this experiment but to my
surprise I actually was able to get in
front of solid B2B marketers and taking
it a step further I gave it some time to
see how do those folks interact with my
newsletter what's the engagement like
and of the leads generated from Tick
Tock I had a 40 open rate and actually
netted five sales from my newsletter
from people that originally came from
this Tick Tock ad campaign so that was
really impressive and surprising in
terms of overall performance
it cost me five dollars and 77 cents per
lead to my newsletter and I had a
19.67 conversion rate which blew my mind
because I had a legion form with those
two custom questions terrible user
experience where they had to manually
enter everything in so that really got
me excited and thinking what could I do
if I wasn't using all of this friction
in terms of the opt-in process now let's
go ahead and dive into some takeaways
from this experiment so you can learn
from my experiment so that if you decide
to use tick tock ads you can start ahead
the biggest takeaway hands down is how
important your video creative is on a
platform like Tick Tock because we don't
have the ability to Target precisely
your ad must act as a filter so in the
ad that I filmed I actually called out
in my hook in the first three seconds if
you're a B2B marketer and I'm actually
going to roll my ad right now so you can
see what I'm saying if you're a B2B
marketer understanding how to use paid
advertising to scale Pipeline and
Revenue can be one of the most
beneficial things now as you just saw in
that video ad in the first five seconds
I called out my ICP and my ad acts as a
filter I said if you're a B2B marketer
looking to learn how to scale Pipeline
and revenue learning how to run paid ads
could be one of the most beneficial
skills for you that solves two things
one it's talking to a specific person in
my case a B2B marketer so if you're not
a B2B marketer you see that ad chances
are you're going to keep scrolling
through and you're going to skip it
second I'm also saying if you're
interested in learning how to run paid
ads so that's also going to appeal to a
specific B2B marketer who's also
interested in learning how to develop
their paid advertising skill set so it's
a little bit even more direct and that
allows me to use my ad as a filtering
mechanism to help offset my broad
targeting now you can apply the same
thing for your business so whatever your
persona is you can call them out
directly in the beginning of your ad in
your hook or indirectly so like an
example of an indirect ad might be like
there's nothing like that feeling when
you generate your first lead on a new
channel if I'm trying to be a little bit
broader and I want to get in front of
people who are you know interested and
have experience generating leads or
maybe another example could be like
there's nothing like when you just hit
your pipeline Target after your CEO
increased it twice on you in the same
year a very specific person is going to
know what that feels like and what that
sounds like and it will resonate with a
very specific person so you can call
them out directly or indirectly with
your ad adding on to that your ad itself
your video creative
doesn't have to be you dancing and being
funny and you know hopping onto the
latest Trend and like mouthing sounds
and all these different things that you
see on Tick Tock I was sitting down in
front of the camera like I am right now
that was not the best ad I've ever
created in the world I just got it done
fast and easy and I got it out there and
I wanted to see what would come back you
know don't let analysis paralysis stop
you take imperfect action and just get
started because Tick Tock is extremely
cheap right now and it's only going to
get more expensive over time as the
channel becomes more saturated so all in
all you definitely can reach B2B buyers
with Tick Tock ads it's going to be very
interesting to see over the years how
the platform matures and the people
joining the platform as well develop
over time because that's just the nature
of the game with any social media
platform it's always the young people
first then the parents want to see what
are the young kids up to the adults get
involved and then before you know it the
adults take over and the young kids go
try to find another social media
platform it's just this endless cycle
that always happens so depending on your
industry and your persona how soon you
can start with Tick Tock ads might vary
I definitely don't think it's for
everybody there's definitely certain
niches that probably Tick Tock is not
there yet for you but all in all I
highly recommend if you just want to get
started and run a simple test like I did
just get started with a budget of a
thousand dollars set up your experiment
really make sure you follow those best
practices around setting up your video
creative to really call out your ICP and
then try to do the best you can on the
targeting side to reach people that
would most likely Fall Into Your
targeting parameters and then see what
happens for you now if you want more
content on Tick Tock ads how to launch
your first campaign navigating the setup
creating Tick Tock creative let me know
in the comments down below and I will
add it to my future video topics I hope
this video is valuable if you can give
it a thumbs up that'll help out a ton go
ahead and check out these two videos
here as I know you're getting a lot from
it and if you like content around B2B
advertising and you want more actionable
tips and videos like this then go ahead
and check out add conversion.com And
subscribe to the newsletter we're going
to get sent two to three actionable tips
straight to your inbox every single week
with that I'll see you in the next video
take care